HOUSE OF COMMONS
LONDON SW1A 0AA
political figures employing terminology and circulating ideology
that had previously been regarded as the preserve of the National
Front.
There has been a lack of concrete measures to combat racism and
xenophobia initiated by both the Commission and the European
Parliament. A Joint Declaration against Racism and Xenophobia was
signed in 1986 empowering organisations or individuals within the
member states to urge their own governments to abide by the
Declaration. However, since the Council considers this to be only
a "declaration of principle", the " " basis on which we work", The
Report states 'the Joint Declaration has remained, "sheets of
paper".
The Eurobarometer study on racism and xenophobia in the European
community was conducted in October and November 1988 and its
findings presented to the European Parliament in November 1989.
One in three Europeans thinks that there are too many people of
another nationality or race in his or her country and many felt.
the presence of immigrants to be a negative factor for the future.
It concludes: 'It is now up to the European Institutions to take
the appropriate measures in the field of integration and tolerance
of people with different nationality, race, religion and culture,
taking the direction indicated by the opinion of the majority of
EC citizens.'
реп